I'll tell you this one instance.
One of the first things I did was to find out when the A&M Club met.
My office was a block from the Rice Hotel and someone told me that the A&M Club met on Mondays at noon.
And it might have been the very first Monday that I had a job.
At lunch I went to the
lunch at the Rice Hotel.
And the president was, I didn't know anybody in the room.
They were all older.
And the president was saying, does anybody here go to Lamar High School?
And I held up my hand.
I was the only one that did.
And he asked me my name.
I told him.
He said, well,
Coach Homer Norton wants a football player that's out there and wants you to go to Lamar and find out about him.
His name is Robert Smith and report back to us what you can find out about him.
And I tell you, if I hadn't been there that day, I don't know, I would have had a whole different life, I believe.
Because that started me out in the football program.
And that took so much of my time from that moment on.
So much of my time was spent in football recruiting.
Why Sarah put up with me, I don't know.
Because I was out at night.
a lot of times chasing these kids and taking them, lending them my car.
I mean, this Robert Smith would come over to our house in his girl's car, which would be better than mine.
One time there was a Cadillac that parked in front of my house, and he got my car to go out on the date because he wanted to have the car.
Well, we just did all that.
It went on, and I spent, it was a career chasing Robert Smith, and of course we ended up with him after, we could write a book about the trials and tribulations of that romance, but we ended up with him, and he didn't make All-American one year, and later played football for the Detroit Lions, and I don't see Rob Bob anymore, but he's a fine man, and still lives in Dallas, and has a family,
He was a great athlete for us.
He gave me a lot of satisfaction.
Look back.
What feelings do you hold in your heart?
Well, they're warm feelings of great people, a lot of great people, wonderful people.
Not only the people that I went to school with and were there when I was in school,
In working with, in the recruitment that I got into after A&M, the older Aggies in town wanted to hear about these athletes.
Wanted to hear about Robert Smith, wanted to know who he was, what he was doing, what chances we had to get him.
Jake Hamlin and Ted Moley, and people you probably don't know at all, but these are older Aggies.
Doc Dar, he was in the class of 22.
Most of these guys were in that era.
Well, they were so nice to me.
Just because I graduated from A&M and I was working for A&M and they invited me and Sarah to dinner at their house and I got to meet.
They would have, sometimes they would have Dr. Miss Harrington at parties and I would be invited to the
president of A&M and I thought I had died and gone to heaven to be in the same room with the president of A&M.
But that, those are the warm feelings.
Always felt at home around in Aggie.
Why?
And still do.
Because of that.
Because of, I was always able to trust them and always a friend and always
willing to help me in anything that I needed to do.
They were certainly helpful in my business too.
You've spent more than 50 years now as an active alumni leader of every sort.
What caused you to be so broadly service interested?
I know of nothing at A&M that you haven't supported.
Why?
No, I don't know why either.
I don't know why either.
I just, when you look to, there are a lot of Aggies like that, though, and they see a job that needs to be done.
They just try to help with it.
Are you paying a debt of gratitude?
Huh?
Are you paying a debt of gratitude to A&M?
Sure.
Well, yes, it's partially a repayment, but it's also...
I'm enjoying it.
I mean, I get a lot out of it, too.
So it's not all a give situation.
Somebody said, we all got more out of being at A&M than we'll ever be able to give back.
Well, that's probably right.
That's probably right.
Yeah.
I would certainly agree with that.
I'm not ready to do that.
Let's quickly.
Thank you.